hello and welcome back to another video
i hope you're having a lovely stay so
far
in today's one i'm going to show you my
stretching routine
this takes me about 10 minutes this is
definitely an area
i neglected so so much when i first
started training and
i mainly started focusing it more when i
couldn't sort of progress
with my lifts and things and certain
movements i just didn't get the best
range of motion and i really think it
goes
hand-in-hand with any sort of like
strength training weight training in
general
it should never be developed in this
sort of area and you'll notice
the biggest difference if you make sure
you incorporate like some problems like
daily stretching
at the end of your workout or like say
first thing in the morning
it doesn't have to be long and lengthy i
do think the more you do
like obviously you'll get extra benefits
but yeah i'll just jump straight into it
[Music]
i'm going to start with
i'm just going to hold this for about 40
to a minute
[Music]
so
so the next one is a really deep
internal
hip rotator and you might hear your back
clip for this one
so you just want to pop your leg over
and then look over your shoulder
and then just hold each side for about
40 to a minute
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
i usually change legs
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
i'm gonna do a tricep stretch now and
you just want to be
on your knees just sit on your feet
take your right arm and just reach that
down something
with your back and really push into your
left palm with your right elbow
[Music]
switch
you might find one side could be like
thai source or more than one
[Music]
me
oh that's a really nice one and next up
is a figure four
stretch this really gets your hip
rotator
and flexing muscles so you just want to
put your
leg on top of your knee and just pull
that and you'll really feel this in your
glutes like make sure you do this one
after every day
[Music]
so
keep remembering to inhale and exhale of
course like that's something i always
kind of forget sometimes
again you might have one side that is a
lot tighter for me this one's
way sort of tighter
[Music]
[Applause]
next up is 1990 pose this is kind of
similar to
a pigeon pose and you just kind of
put one leg in front of you and even
perpendicular
to just push down on that knee
[Music]
i'm again gonna hold that for the same
amount of time
we're just going that out
[Music]
so
amazing i'm just going to do a lunge in
a hip flexor
stretch slightly different to the wall i
did earlier just to get a deeper one
already you might feel a bit looser
start
this time
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
foreign
yoga with this one if you're
experiencing any pain just obviously
stop
right away and already like just comes
more discomfort
[Music]
[Applause]
feel the stretch
[Music]
so
[Applause]
so guys that brings us to the end of my
stretch routine i really hope you
enjoyed that do let me know if you gave
it a try
what you thought in the comments down
below i already feel
looser and i find them really energizing
and especially if you've got some more
time it's really nice just to
put on some like chill music or like a
really nice relaxing
playlist and just get into it it's kind
of like meditation as well
but like i said it's good that if you're
short on times where you can just
shorten it and
still get a bit stretched in there
you'll really notice
the benefit if you haven't sort of done
it or practiced it
daily let me know one of the videos that
might be really useful for you
at the moment and i'll see you guys in
the next video